chore(docs): Update tile-converter.md (#3084)
visgl/loaders.gl: docs/modules/tile-converter/cli-reference/tile-converter.md

  </a>
</p>

The `tile-converter` is a command line utility (CLI) for two-way batch conversion between [I3S](https://www.ogc.org/standards/i3s) and [3D Tiles](https://www.ogc.org/standards/3DTiles), both are OGC community standards. It can load tilesets to be converted directly from a URL or file based formats. I3S and 3DTiles are large formats that include different layer types and data formats. See [Supported Features](/docs/modules/tile-converter/cli-reference/supported-features) page which describes what tile-converter supports.

## Installation

> The tile-converter is published as an npm module and as a docker image ([docker info here](#docker-image)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tile-converter is published as an npm module and as a [docker image](#docker-image).
```

## Supported Platforms

For tile-converter v4.0 and up:

Operationg Systems: Windows 8.1 or higher, Ubuntu 20.04 or higher

> NodeJS 16 or higher is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NodeJS 18 or higher is required.
```

| max-depth                 | \*                        | \*                        | Maximal depth of the hierarchical tiles tree traversal, default: infinity                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | slpk                      | \*                        |                           | (Deprecated since version 4.3.0) <br> Whether the converter generates \*.slpk (Scene Layer Package) I3S output files. Note: For versions 4.3.0 and up \*.slpk is the default output wihtout this option specified.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| slpk                      | \*                        |                           | (Deprecated since version 4.3.0) <br /> Whether the converter generates \*.slpk (Scene Layer Package) I3S output files. Note: For versions 4.3.0 and up the option doesn't work, \*.slpk is the only possible output of I3S.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```

Reviewer: The option `--slpk` is removed from `npx tile-converter --help`. we should add this information back

Author: Where should it be brought back? I mean where is the help text located? Can you send file path here?

Author: Brought it back there.

> | 7zExe                     | \*                        |                           | (Deprecated since version 4.1.0) <br> location of 7z.exe archiver to create slpk on Windows OS, default: "C:\\Program Files\\7-Zip\\7z.exe". Note: For versions 4.1.0 and up 7z is not needed and tile-converter uses internal zip module instead.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: This option is removed. Remove it from the docs

Author: Is it removed for 4.0.x and below? I thought maybe old versions need this options

Author: Added as "(Removed since version 4.1.0)"

Those extensions provide the structural metadata storage. Metadata - represented as entities and properties - may be closely associated with parts of 3D content, with data representations appropriate for large, distributed datasets. For the most detailed use cases, properties allow vertex- and texel-level associations; higher-level property associations are also supported.

One glTF resource might include more than one metadata class. That means that parts of a mesh might be associated with different sets of properties.
For example, a glTF might have `bridges` and `buildings` classes. In that case, one part of the mesh is related to `bridges` properties (eg. `construction_year`, `type`) and another part of the mesh is related to `buildings` properties (eg. `construction_year`, `height`, `number_of_floors`, `ownership`).

> As output (when converting from 3D Tiles to I3S) there is an I3S layer which doesn't support structural metadata and multiple classes by its specification (v1.8). I3S has [feature attributes](https://github.com/Esri/i3s-spec/blob/master/docs/1.9/attributeStorageInfo.cmn.md) metadata that is the same for every node in the layer. As a result, I3S must consume only one set of properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As output (when converting from 3D Tiles to I3S) there is an I3S layer which doesn't support structural metadata and multiple classes by its specification (v1.8). I3S has [feature attributes](https://github.com/Esri/i3s-spec/blob/master/docs/1.9/attributeStorageInfo.cmn.md) metadata that is the same for every node in the layer. As a result, I3S can consume only one set of properties.
```

## Quiet mode

> Use `--quiet` option to avoid user prompts during conversion. In some cases, tile-converter stops and waits for an input from a user, for example, it can ask whether to resume conversion or start anew.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `--quiet` option to avoid user prompts during conversion. In some cases, tile-converter stops and waits for an input from a user, for example, it can ask whether to resume conversion or start a new.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Use `--quiet` option to avoid user prompts during conversion. In some cases, tile-converter stops and waits for an input from a user, for example, it can ask whether to resume conversion or start a new conversion.
```
